gh-142571: Check for errors before calling each syscall in `PyUnstable_CopyPerfMapFile()` (#142460)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-12-11-09-06-36.gh-issue-142571.Csdxnn.rst

> Checks that the file opening worked first before flushing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:c:func:`PyUnstable_CopyPerfMapFile` now checks that opening the file succeeded before flushing.
```
